https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-4806 Improving endpoint explanation for obs (#5321)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/observability_enable.adoc

    type: s3
    config:
      bucket: YOUR_S3_BUCKET
      endpoint: YOUR_S3_ENDPOINT <1>
      insecure: true
      access_key: YOUR_ACCESS_KEY
      secret_key: YOUR_SECRET_KEY
----
+

> <1> For HTTPS, enter the hostname without the fully qualified domain name (FQDN). Enter the URL for your Amazon S3 endpoint that might resemble the following URL: `example.redhat.com:443`.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Enter the URL without the protocol. Enter the URL for your Amazon S3 endpoint that might resemble the following URL: `example.redhat.com:443`.
```

----
+
For more details, see link:https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/introduction[Google Cloud Storage].

> //is this correct? Is the endpoint value valid?

Reviewer: Based on [Thanos documentation](https://thanos.io/tip/thanos/storage.md/#azure) 

If msi_resource is used, authentication is done via system-assigned managed identity. The value for Azure should be https://\<storage-account-name\>.blob.core.windows.net.

If user_assigned_id is used, authentication is done via user-assigned managed identity. When using user_assigned_id the msi_resource defaults to https://\<storage_account\>.\<endpoint\>

      storage_account: YOUR_STORAGE_ACCT
      storage_account_key: YOUR_STORAGE_KEY
      container: YOUR_CONTAINER
      endpoint: blob.core.windows.net <1>
      max_retries: 0
----
+
<1> If you use the `msi_resource` path, the endpoint authentication is complete by using the system-assigned managaed identity. Your value must resemble the following endpoint: `https://<storage-account-name>.blob.core.windows.net`. 
+

> If you use the `user_assigned_id` pat, endpoint authentication is complete by using the user-assigned managed identity. When you use the `user_assigned_id`, the `msi_resource` endpoint default value is `https:<storage_account>.<endpoint>`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you use the `user_assigned_id` path, endpoint authentication is complete by using the user-assigned managed identity. When you use the `user_assigned_id`, the `msi_resource` endpoint default value is `https:<storage_account>.<endpoint>`.
```

    type: s3
    config:
      bucket: YOUR_RH_DATA_FOUNDATION_BUCKET
      endpoint: YOUR_RH_DATA_FOUNDATION_ENDPOINT <1>
      insecure: false
      access_key: YOUR_RH_DATA_FOUNDATION_ACCESS_KEY
      secret_key: YOUR_RH_DATA_FOUNDATION_SECRET_KEY
----
+

> <1> For HTTPS, enter the hostname without the fully qualified domain name (FQDN). Enter the URL for your Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation endpoint that might resemble the following URL: `example.redhat.com:443`.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Enter the URL without the protocol. Enter the URL for your Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation endpoint that might resemble the following URL: `example.redhat.com:443`.
```

    type: s3
    config:
      bucket: YOUR_ROKS_S3_BUCKET
      endpoint: YOUR_ROKS_S3_ENDPOINT <1>
      insecure: true
      access_key: YOUR_ROKS_ACCESS_KEY
      secret_key: YOUR_ROKS_SECRET_KEY
----
+

> <1> For HTTPS, enter the hostname without the fully qualified domain name (FQDN). Enter the URL for your Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation endpoint that might resemble the following URL: `example.redhat.com:443`.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Enter the URL without the protocol. Enter the URL for your Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation endpoint that might resemble the following URL: `example.redhat.com:443`.
```

+
For more details, follow the IBM Cloud documentation, link:https://cloud.ibm.com/objectstorage/create[Cloud Object Storage]. Be sure to use the service credentials to connect with the object storage. For more details, follow the IBM Cloud documentation, link:https://cloud.ibm.com/objectstorage/create%5BCloud[Cloud Object Store] and link:https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cloud-object-storage/iam?topic=cloud-object-storage-service-credentials%5BService[Service Credentials].

> - For Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage, you can also use short term, limited-privilege credentials generated with AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS). Refer to link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/welcome.html[AWS Security Token Service documentation] for more details.

Reviewer 2: that are generated?

> - For Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage, you can also use short term, limited-privilege credentials generated with AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS). Refer to link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/welcome.html[AWS Security Token Service documentation] for more details.

Author: Thanks ! 
```suggestion
- For Amazon S3 or S3 compatible storage, you can also use short term, limited-privilege credentials that are generated with AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS). Refer to link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/welcome.html[AWS Security Token Service documentation] for more details.
```

   endpoint: s3.$REGION.amazonaws.com
   signature_version2: false
----

> //need to verify that the endpoint value is valid^

Author: ```suggestion

```
